+++
title = "Literature Survey"
description = "Related work done in this field"
date = 2018-06-28T15:41:25+05:30
weight = 20
draft = false
bref = "Related work done in this field"
toc = true
+++

<style>
    li {
        text-align: justify;
    }
</style>

<h3 class="section-head" id="national-status-review"><a href="#national-status-review">National Status Review</a></h3>

- Archana N. Shewale, <b>"Renewable Energy Based Home Automation System Using ZigBee"</b>, International Journal of Computer Technology and Electronics Engineering (IJCTEE), 2015 

    Archana N. Shewale describes the methodology of renewable energy based home automation in which two things are consider one is energy consumption and another is energy generation. In this, ZigBee is used for monitoring energy consumption of home equipment and power line communication (PLC) is used to monitoring energy generation.

- S. Anusha, <b>“Home Automation using ATmega328 Microcontroller and Android application”</b>, International Research Journal of Engineering and Technology(IRJET), 2015

    S. Anusha[2] describes the design and development of a remote household appliance control system using ATmega328 microcontroller and android mobile through GSM technology.

- J. Chandramohan, <b>“Intelligent Smart Home Automation and Security System Using Arduino and Wi-Fi”</b>, International Journal of Engineering and Computer Science, 2017

    J. Chandramohan[3] provides a low cost-effective and flexible home control and monitoring system with the aid of an integrated micro-web server with internet protocol (IP) connectivity for access and to control of equipment and devices remotely using Android-based smartphone application.

- Kumar Mandula, <b>“Mobile based home automation using Internet of Things(IoT)”</b>, IEEE International Conference, 2015

    Kumar Mandula[4] discusses about IoT and how it can be used for realizing smart home automation using a micro-controller based Arduino board and Android mobile app. In this paper, two prototypes namely home automation using Bluetooth in an indoor environment and home automation using Ethernet in an outdoor environment are presented.

<h3 class="section-head" id="international-status-review"><a href="#international-status-review">International Status Review</a></h3>

- Debraj Basu, <b>“Wireless Sensor Network Based Smart Home: Sensor Selection, Deployment and Monitoring”</b>, IEEE, 2013

    Debraj Basu[5] details the installation and configuration of unobtrusive sensors in an elderly person’s house - a smart home in the making - in a small city in New Zealand. The overall system is envisaged to use machine learning to analyze the data generated by the sensor nodes.

- Byeongkwan Kang, <b>“IoT-based monitoring system using tri-level context making model for smart home services”</b>, IEEE International Conference, 2015

    Kang[6] discusses about acquisition and analysis of sensor data which are going to be used across smart homes. It proposed an architecture for extracting contextual information by analysing the data acquired from various sensors and provide context aware services.

- Jeya Jeya Padmini, <b>“Effective Power Utilization and Conservation in Smart Home Using IoT”</b>, IEEE International Conference, 2015

    Jeya Jeya Padmini[7] discusses about effective power utilization and conservation in smart homes using IoT. It uses cameras for recognizing human activities through image processing techniques.

- Pranay P. Gaikwad, <b>“A Survey based on Smart Home System Using Internet of Things”</b>, IEEE International Conference, 2015 

    Pranay P.Gaikwad[8] discusses about challenges and problems arise in smart home systems using IoT and propose possible solutions.
